So in this section, we worked on a lot of things.
A lot of materials here.
We started by understanding what object oriented programming is.
What's an object?
Remember went through the example of car engine and what it means to be an object, right in programming.
And so we understood that class is at the center of everything.
So a class, of course, contains attributes, properties of fields and also behavior and functions
of what a car can do.
OK.
We talk about, of course, how to create a class.
And then we talked about inheritance.
And why is that so important to inherit or to have this capability of of inheriting from other classes,
to have a super class, the parent class in the child class and the importance of all of that.
We talk about overriding, of course, and how to design inheritance classes.
And then we looked at interfaces as a way for us to separate the main events from the inheritance,
meaning we can't abstract out brains as they click event that can be consumed by any class independent
of the inheritance status.
It's a really powerful mechanism that allows us to implement certain behaviors individually as a class.
And we'll learn, of course, that a function that's created in an interface.
It doesn't have a body because it has to be implemented at the class level.
And that's the beauty of, of course, having an interface.
And then we jumped into extension functions.
It's very powerful because now we can leverage what already is there because we first talked about leveraging
through inheritance, but with extension functions, we can actually use what Kabilang provides, for
instance, the string class and create an extension function that will append text to existing string.
So that was just one example.
And of course, with all of this, I always encourage you to go out and learn more so that you can have
a larger pool of knowledge on these topics.
But at least hopefully this gets you started, OK?
And again, we talked about inheritance design steps, one that you have to look for objects that have
common attributes.
For instance, you know, we see this car truck and vehicle as the superclass and to you have to design
a class that represents the common state and behavior and three design of subclass needs behaviors.
In this case, method implementations there are specific to that particular subclass type and force
course finished within data classes.
So if whenever you need a class that just represents or holds data, you won't have to worry too much.
Cuddling has such things.
So if you say data class and name of the class and pass the property as parameters to our primary constructor,
then you should be good.
So you've learned a lot of things.
Now you understand how to create classes, how to exchange those classes, how to override methods,
how to implement interfaces and so many things.
I hope you starting to become more curious about this beautiful language and look forward to learning
more either on your own or continuing this course.
Now, obviously, there's so much to learning a language that it's virtually impossible to teach that
in less than two hours, right?
Or three hours.
The whole idea of me putting these sections on coddling is to get you started, to get you understanding
the mechanics of this programming language.
So it's time to take a little break and go into relax a little bit before we go on to the next sessions.